you know what is it a good time? Thio express personal relationships or
personal history with your team. Let's say you can always go have
a cup of coffee with you. You're leaving Chief Petty Officer dolls for
leading. Hey, all sir. You know, in the first week when you're trying
when you got aboard and you've been introduced spied arm head to
your team, Okay? You're going to sit down, have a cup of coffee and
discuss, You know, the past. Would you believe is the person you need
to know is the person you you believe, is that person still on board
the ship? If the person is still on board the ship, you need to
know that. So you could go ask that person. What did he or she liked?
What he or she accomplished what he or she leave unaccomplished.
You're going back to arrest and get it out. You'll only find that out
by talking to Betty. Awesome. So that's one of things that you could
dio is is talk to them